SECURITY.md, before:

# Security Policy

**Version:** 1.0.13  
**Last Updated:** 2025-07-08  
**Status:** Active

## Overview

Puppeteer MCP takes security seriously. This document outlines our security practices, vulnerability
reporting process, and compliance standards.

## 🛡️ Security Standards

We follow NIST 800-53r5 security controls and maintain enterprise-grade security throughout the
platform:

- **Authentication**: Multi-modal (JWT + API Keys)
- **Authorization**: Role-based access control
- **Encryption**: TLS 1.3 for transport, secure token storage
- **Input Validation**: Comprehensive validation on all inputs
- **Audit Logging**: Complete security event tracking

## 🚨 Reporting Vulnerabilities

### Responsible Disclosure

We appreciate security researchers who help us maintain platform security. Please follow responsible
disclosure practices:

1. **Do NOT** create public GitHub issues for security vulnerabilities
2. **Email**: Send details to williamzujkowski@gmail.com
3. **Encrypt**: Use our PGP key (available below) for sensitive information
4. **Timeline**: We aim to respond within 48 hours

### What to Include

When reporting vulnerabilities, please provide:

- **Description**: Clear explanation of the vulnerability
- **Impact**: Potential security impact and severity
- **Steps to Reproduce**: Detailed reproduction steps
- **Proof of Concept**: Code or screenshots if applicable
- **Suggested Fix**: Recommendations if you have them

### Severity Levels

We classify vulnerabilities as:

| Level    | Description                                  | Response Time |
| -------- | -------------------------------------------- | ------------- |
| Critical | Remote code execution, authentication bypass | 24 hours      |
| High     | Data exposure, privilege escalation          | 48 hours      |
| Medium   | XSS, CSRF, information disclosure            | 7 days        |
| Low      | Minor issues, defense in depth               | 30 days       |

## 🔐 Security Features

### Authentication & Authorization

```typescript
/**
 * @nist ia-2 "Identification and authentication"
 * @nist ac-3 "Access enforcement"
 */
```

- **JWT Tokens**: Short-lived access tokens (15 min)
- **Refresh Tokens**: Secure rotation mechanism
- **API Keys**: Scoped, revocable long-lived keys
- **RBAC**: 20+ granular permissions

### Input Validation

```typescript
/**
 * @nist si-10 "Information input validation"
 */
```

- **Zod Schemas**: Type-safe validation
- **XSS Prevention**: Input sanitization
- **SQL Injection**: Parameterized queries
- **Path Traversal**: Path validation

### Browser Security

```typescript
/**
 * @nist sc-18 "Mobile code"
 * @nist sc-23 "Session authenticity"
 */
```

- **JavaScript Sandboxing**: Controlled execution
- **URL Validation**: Protocol allowlisting
- **Cookie Security**: HttpOnly, Secure, SameSite
- **Resource Limits**: Memory and CPU constraints

## 🏗️ Security Architecture

### Defense in Depth

We implement multiple security layers:

1. **Network Security**
   - TLS 1.3 encryption
   - Rate limiting per endpoint
   - DDoS protection ready

2. **Application Security**
   - Input validation
   - Output encoding
   - Security headers (CSP, HSTS, etc.)

3. **Browser Security**
   - Sandboxed execution
   - Resource isolation
   - Permission controls

4. **Data Security**
   - Encryption at rest
   - Secure key management
   - PII handling procedures

### Security Headers

```typescript
app.use(
  helmet({
    contentSecurityPolicy: {
      directives: {
        defaultSrc: ["'self'"],
        scriptSrc: ["'self'", "'unsafe-inline'"],
        styleSrc: ["'self'", "'unsafe-inline'"],
        imgSrc: ["'self'", 'data:', 'https:'],
      },
    },
    hsts: {
      maxAge: 31536000,
      includeSubDomains: true,
      preload: true,
    },
  }),
);
```

## 📋 Security Checklist

### For Contributors

Before submitting code:

- [ ] No hardcoded secrets or credentials
- [ ] All inputs validated with Zod schemas
- [ ] Authentication required on new endpoints
- [ ] NIST control tags on security functions
- [ ] Security tests written
- [ ] No use of dangerous functions (eval, etc.)

### For Deployments

- [ ] TLS certificates configured
- [ ] Environment variables secured
- [ ] Firewall rules configured
- [ ] Monitoring and alerting enabled
- [ ] Backup and recovery tested
- [ ] Incident response plan ready

## 🔍 Security Scanning

We use multiple tools to maintain security:

### Automated Scanning

- **CodeQL**: Static analysis for vulnerabilities
- **Trivy**: Container vulnerability scanning
- **npm audit**: Dependency vulnerability checks
- **TruffleHog**: Secret detection
- **Gitleaks**: Git history secret scanning

### Manual Review

- Code review for all changes
- Security-focused PR reviews
- Periodic security audits
- Penetration testing (planned)

## 📊 Compliance

### NIST 800-53r5 Controls

We implement controls across all families:

- **Access Control (AC)**: 15 controls
- **Audit and Accountability (AU)**: 8 controls
- **Identification and Authentication (IA)**: 12 controls
- **System and Communications Protection (SC)**: 20 controls
- **System and Information Integrity (SI)**: 10 controls

### Compliance Reporting

Generate compliance reports:

```bash
npm run security:check
```

This produces a report showing:

- Implemented controls
- Control evidence
- Coverage gaps
- Recommendations

## 🚑 Incident Response

### Response Process

1. **Detection**: Automated monitoring or report
2. **Triage**: Assess severity and impact
3. **Containment**: Isolate affected systems
4. **Investigation**: Root cause analysis
5. **Remediation**: Fix and deploy patches
6. **Recovery**: Restore normal operations
7. **Lessons Learned**: Update procedures

### Contact Information

- **Security Team**: security@example.com
- **Emergency**: +1-XXX-XXX-XXXX (critical only)
- **PGP Key ID**: 0xXXXXXXXX

## 📝 Security Updates

We provide security updates through:

- **Security Advisories**: GitHub Security tab
- **Release Notes**: Security fixes highlighted
- **Email Notifications**: For critical issues
- **Documentation**: Updated security guides

## 🔑 PGP Key

For encrypted communications:

```
-----BEGIN PGP PUBLIC KEY BLOCK-----
[Key would be here in production]
-----END PGP PUBLIC KEY BLOCK-----
```

## 🙏 Acknowledgments

We thank the following researchers for responsible disclosure:

- [List would be maintained here]

## 📚 Security Resources

- [OWASP Top 10](https://owasp.org/www-project-top-ten/)
- [NIST Cybersecurity Framework](https://www.nist.gov/cyberframework)
- [Node.js Security Best Practices](https://nodejs.org/en/docs/guides/security/)
- [Browser Security Handbook](https://code.google.com/archive/p/browsersec/)

---

Remember: Security is everyone's responsibility. If you see something, say something!

Commit message:

docs: consolidate documentation and implement automatic updates
- Archive vestigial documentation to docs/archive/
- Remove duplicate QUICKSTART.md (content exists in starlight docs)
- Remove all hardcoded Last Updated dates from documentation
- Fix SECURITY.md placeholder contact information
- Streamline README.md to point to comprehensive docs
- Create manifest.yml with detailed file descriptions
- Run version sync to ensure all docs show v1.0.14
- Remove stale dates from test reports

This creates a cleaner, more maintainable documentation structure that
avoids duplicate content and stale dates.

SECURITY.md, after:

# Security Policy

**Version:** 1.0.13  
**Status:** Active

## Overview

Puppeteer MCP takes security seriously. This document outlines our security practices, vulnerability
reporting process, and compliance standards.

## 🛡️ Security Standards

We follow NIST 800-53r5 security controls and maintain enterprise-grade security throughout the
platform:

- **Authentication**: Multi-modal (JWT + API Keys)
- **Authorization**: Role-based access control
- **Encryption**: TLS 1.3 for transport, secure token storage
- **Input Validation**: Comprehensive validation on all inputs
- **Audit Logging**: Complete security event tracking

## 🚨 Reporting Vulnerabilities

### Responsible Disclosure

We appreciate security researchers who help us maintain platform security. Please follow responsible
disclosure practices:

1. **Do NOT** create public GitHub issues for security vulnerabilities
2. **Email**: Send details to williamzujkowski@gmail.com
3. **Encrypt**: Use our PGP key (available below) for sensitive information
4. **Timeline**: We aim to respond within 48 hours

### What to Include

When reporting vulnerabilities, please provide:

- **Description**: Clear explanation of the vulnerability
- **Impact**: Potential security impact and severity
- **Steps to Reproduce**: Detailed reproduction steps
- **Proof of Concept**: Code or screenshots if applicable
- **Suggested Fix**: Recommendations if you have them

### Severity Levels

We classify vulnerabilities as:

| Level    | Description                                  | Response Time |
| -------- | -------------------------------------------- | ------------- |
| Critical | Remote code execution, authentication bypass | 24 hours      |
| High     | Data exposure, privilege escalation          | 48 hours      |
| Medium   | XSS, CSRF, information disclosure            | 7 days        |
| Low      | Minor issues, defense in depth               | 30 days       |

## 🔐 Security Features

### Authentication & Authorization

```typescript
/**
 * @nist ia-2 "Identification and authentication"
 * @nist ac-3 "Access enforcement"
 */
```

- **JWT Tokens**: Short-lived access tokens (15 min)
- **Refresh Tokens**: Secure rotation mechanism
- **API Keys**: Scoped, revocable long-lived keys
- **RBAC**: 20+ granular permissions

### Input Validation

```typescript
/**
 * @nist si-10 "Information input validation"
 */
```

- **Zod Schemas**: Type-safe validation
- **XSS Prevention**: Input sanitization
- **SQL Injection**: Parameterized queries
- **Path Traversal**: Path validation

### Browser Security

```typescript
/**
 * @nist sc-18 "Mobile code"
 * @nist sc-23 "Session authenticity"
 */
```

- **JavaScript Sandboxing**: Controlled execution
- **URL Validation**: Protocol allowlisting
- **Cookie Security**: HttpOnly, Secure, SameSite
- **Resource Limits**: Memory and CPU constraints

## 🏗️ Security Architecture

### Defense in Depth

We implement multiple security layers:

1. **Network Security**
   - TLS 1.3 encryption
   - Rate limiting per endpoint
   - DDoS protection ready

2. **Application Security**
   - Input validation
   - Output encoding
   - Security headers (CSP, HSTS, etc.)

3. **Browser Security**
   - Sandboxed execution
   - Resource isolation
   - Permission controls

4. **Data Security**
   - Encryption at rest
   - Secure key management
   - PII handling procedures

### Security Headers

```typescript
app.use(
  helmet({
    contentSecurityPolicy: {
      directives: {
        defaultSrc: ["'self'"],
        scriptSrc: ["'self'", "'unsafe-inline'"],
        styleSrc: ["'self'", "'unsafe-inline'"],
        imgSrc: ["'self'", 'data:', 'https:'],
      },
    },
    hsts: {
      maxAge: 31536000,
      includeSubDomains: true,
      preload: true,
    },
  }),
);
```

## 📋 Security Checklist

### For Contributors

Before submitting code:

- [ ] No hardcoded secrets or credentials
- [ ] All inputs validated with Zod schemas
- [ ] Authentication required on new endpoints
- [ ] NIST control tags on security functions
- [ ] Security tests written
- [ ] No use of dangerous functions (eval, etc.)

### For Deployments

- [ ] TLS certificates configured
- [ ] Environment variables secured
- [ ] Firewall rules configured
- [ ] Monitoring and alerting enabled
- [ ] Backup and recovery tested
- [ ] Incident response plan ready

## 🔍 Security Scanning

We use multiple tools to maintain security:

### Automated Scanning

- **CodeQL**: Static analysis for vulnerabilities
- **Trivy**: Container vulnerability scanning
- **npm audit**: Dependency vulnerability checks
- **TruffleHog**: Secret detection
- **Gitleaks**: Git history secret scanning

### Manual Review

- Code review for all changes
- Security-focused PR reviews
- Periodic security audits
- Penetration testing (planned)

## 📊 Compliance

### NIST 800-53r5 Controls

We implement controls across all families:

- **Access Control (AC)**: 15 controls
- **Audit and Accountability (AU)**: 8 controls
- **Identification and Authentication (IA)**: 12 controls
- **System and Communications Protection (SC)**: 20 controls
- **System and Information Integrity (SI)**: 10 controls

### Compliance Reporting

Generate compliance reports:

```bash
npm run security:check
```

This produces a report showing:

- Implemented controls
- Control evidence
- Coverage gaps
- Recommendations

## 🚑 Incident Response

### Response Process

1. **Detection**: Automated monitoring or report
2. **Triage**: Assess severity and impact
3. **Containment**: Isolate affected systems
4. **Investigation**: Root cause analysis
5. **Remediation**: Fix and deploy patches
6. **Recovery**: Restore normal operations
7. **Lessons Learned**: Update procedures

### Contact Information

- **Security Issues**: Please report via [GitHub Security Advisories](https://github.com/williamzujkowski/puppeteer-mcp/security/advisories/new)
- **General Contact**: Create an issue in the [GitHub repository](https://github.com/williamzujkowski/puppeteer-mcp/issues)

## 📝 Security Updates

We provide security updates through:

- **Security Advisories**: GitHub Security tab
- **Release Notes**: Security fixes highlighted
- **Email Notifications**: For critical issues
- **Documentation**: Updated security guides

## 🔑 PGP Key

For encrypted communications:

```
-----BEGIN PGP PUBLIC KEY BLOCK-----
[Key would be here in production]
-----END PGP PUBLIC KEY BLOCK-----
```

## 🙏 Acknowledgments

We thank the following researchers for responsible disclosure:

- [List would be maintained here]

## 📚 Security Resources

- [OWASP Top 10](https://owasp.org/www-project-top-ten/)
- [NIST Cybersecurity Framework](https://www.nist.gov/cyberframework)
- [Node.js Security Best Practices](https://nodejs.org/en/docs/guides/security/)
- [Browser Security Handbook](https://code.google.com/archive/p/browsersec/)

---

Remember: Security is everyone's responsibility. If you see something, say something!
